Okay, so now let's talk about operations
you can do on your EFS file system.
So some operations can be done in place,
such as enabling and life cycle policy,
to transitioning into the IA here
or to change your IA settings.
You can also change your throughput mode
and your provision throughput numbers,
and you can create EFS access points as we've just seen.
But, some operations require a full migration
of your EFS file system
using DataSyncs because DataSync will replicate
all of our attributes and metadata.
So if you want to migrate to an encrypted EFS
or a different encryption key,
then you would need to use DataSync,
or if you want it to enable performance mode,
for example, Max IO,
then you would need again to use DataSync
because you need to create a new separate EFS file system.
So let's have an example.
This is your source EFS file system.
And this is your destination EFS file system,
which is encrypted.
And so to migrate between the two,
using the DataSync service,
it can be done very easily.
And then you can migrate your E2 instances
from the first file system
to the second file system.
So as we saw before,
access points can be created.
But if I click on this file system itself,
we can edit a few things.
So as we can see,
we can enable the lifecycle management
directly from this UI,
and we can change the throughput mode directly
from bursting to provisions.
And if provision,
we can change the provision throughput over time, okay?
We can also enable and disable automatic backups.
But if we want it to encrypt it or to change the encryption,
then we need to use DataSyncs.
So let me show you an example.
So I'll just call it a unencrypted EFS,
and then I will choose a customizable one.
And in here,
what I'm going to do
is just disable the encryption of data at rest,
click on next, and then everything looks good.
We don't really care.
I just want to show you the idea behind it.
So, now I have two EFS.
Let's say that the unencrypted EFS
is what I'm currently using.
And then I want to move my data to an encrypted EFS, okay?
So what I'm going to do then
is to use the DataSync service.
And this is why the DataSync service is available here
on the left hand side.
So by clicking on DataSync,
I'm going to be able to synchronize my data
between my two EFS
and then make sure I can transition from one to another.
So using DataSync,
we want to transition a data transfer task
between AWS storage services.
So I'll create a new location.
And then the first location is an EFS file system,
which is my unencrypted EFS.
And you can specify a mount path if you wanted to, okay?
And next, I can create a target location, a destination.
So again, an EFS file system
and this time is going to be my encrypted EFS.
Click on next.
And then you could configure obviously your tests.
So their name will be DemoTask and so on.
And then you could obviously do some data things specific,
some settings, okay?
But the idea is that when the task is created
and you would need to create a DataSync
CloudWatch log groups, let's go next.
You would verify everything and then click on create task.
And this would synchronize your two EFS file systems.
And you would be good to go for your migration,
but it will not create it
because it doesn't show you anything specific.
And then I will just delete my unencrypted EFS
by typing the file system's ID in here to confirm, okay?
So that's it, you've seen EFS migration operations.
I hope you liked it and it will see you in the next lecture.